4.7 audio streaming (#130)
smartdevicelink/sdl_android_guides: docs/Migrating to Newer SDL Android Versions/Updating to 4.7/index.md

> ### Audio Streaming

Author: added code

> With the addition of the `AudioStreamingManager`, which is accessed through `SdlManager`, you can now use `mp3` files in addition to `raw`. The `AudioStreamingManager` also handles `AudioStreamingCapabilities` for you, so your stream will use the correct capabilities for the connected head unit. We suggest that for any audio streaming that this is now used. For a full code example, please see the [Audio Streaming Guides](https://smartdevicelink.com/en/guides/pull_request/f8f65954e9fd976100bfc21c345f5fde79774e54/mobile-navigation/audio-streaming/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the addition of the `AudioStreamingManager`, which is accessed through `SdlManager`, you can now use `mp3` files in addition to `raw`. The `AudioStreamingManager` also handles `AudioStreamingCapabilities` for you, so your stream will use the correct capabilities for the connected head unit. We suggest that for any audio streaming that this is now used. For a full code example, please see the [Audio Streaming Guides](/guides/android/mobile-navigation/audio-streaming/)
```
